README.md, before:

# GitHub Stats Prototype

## Project Description

A project to collect and display GitHub statistics in GitHub pages. Currently using Python to scrape the data and display it in Markdown. The generated Markdown is then deployed to GitHub pages using GitHub Actions and Jekyll.

## Table of Contents

- [GitHub Stats Prototype](#github-stats-prototype)
  - [Project Description](#project-description)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Development Phases](#development-phases)
      - [Phase 1 - Early Development / Prototype](#phase-1---early-development--prototype)
      - [Phase 2 - V2 Development](#phase-2---v2-development)
  - [License](#license)

## Development

### Development Phases

#### Phase 1 - Early Development / Prototype

Status: In Progress

In this phase the first iteration of the project will be developed. This will involve creating the basic structure of the project with Python and Markdown. Data will be scraped from GitHub using the GitHub API using Python and displayed in Markdown. GitHub pages will be used to host the generated Markdown.

#### Phase 2 - V2 Development

Status: Planned

In this phase the second iteration of the project will be developed. This will involve changing the data scraping and displaying process to csv files. Astro/Shadui will be used to create the a dashboard to display the data.

Note: Tech Stack is subject to change.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

Commit message:

chore: Update Readme (#136)
# Pull Request

## Description

Update Readme to reflect repository name change.

README.md, after:

# GitHub Stats Prototype

## Project Description

A project to collect and display GitHub statistics in GitHub pages. Currently using Python to scrape the data and display it in Markdown. The generated Markdown is then deployed to GitHub pages using GitHub Actions and Jekyll.

## Table of Contents

- [GitHub Stats Prototype](#github-stats-prototype)
  - [Project Description](#project-description)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Development](#development)
    - [Development Phases](#development-phases)
      - [Phase 1 - Early Development / Prototype](#phase-1---early-development--prototype)
      - [Phase 2 - V2 Development](#phase-2---v2-development)
  - [License](#license)

## Development

### Development Phases

#### Phase 1 - Early Development / Prototype

Status: Complete

In this phase the first iteration of the project will be developed. This will involve creating the basic structure of the project with Python and Markdown. Data will be scraped from GitHub using the GitHub API using Python and displayed in Markdown. GitHub pages will be used to host the generated Markdown.

#### Phase 2 - V2 Development

Status: In Progress

Repository - [github-stats](https://github.com/JackPlowman/github-stats)

In this phase the second iteration of the project will be developed. This will involve changing the data scraping and displaying process to csv files. The a dashboard will be created using Typescript.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details
